add note about register + skip (#51339)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_conditionals.rst

it later.  Use of the command module in this way can in many ways eliminate the need to write site specific facts, for
instance, you could test for the existence of a particular program.

> .. note:: registration happens even when a task is skipped do to the conditional, this way you can query the variable for `` is skipped`` to know if task was attempated or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: registration happens even when a task is skipped due to the conditional, this way you can query the variable for `` is skipped`` to know if task was attempted or not.
```

> .. note:: registration happens even when a task is skipped due to the conditional, this way you can query the variable for `` is skipped`` to know if task was attempted or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: Registration happens even when a task is skipped due to the conditional. This way you can query the variable for `` is skipped`` to know if task was attempted or not.
```
